# C

Date: 12-18-2024

---

So, again: Crucial observation is basically, "We're building some suffix up, at what point does no integer in the input set have my suffix."

Intervals of numbers are not that nicely represented here... :( 

---

You can also think about it as y mod 2^k, and lifting the value up until no range satisfies that. 

-> Oh, when you put it that way, clearly you'll never have an issue when the range is smaller than 2^k by pigeonhole, and when it's larger than 2^k, there's only going to always be like, 1 choice for it. Huh. 

Wait that's fucking insane. 

=====

Okay but what if all ranges are like, 2^40 in length. Clearly we can't just recruse on that.

**Does this yet again prove that we only have to consider large ranges? Surely it does.** 

OML why the fuck did it take me that long to see bruh. 

Alright, so now every range has a point at which it does satisfy and which it doesn't (because if it covered the whole range, we'd go up. We go up in modulo until there's no more.)


So we know that 

[  half         |           half ]

The union of halves must be whole. However, when we look at this broader picture, hmm.... now things get tricky



0001|1110       

0111|1000

Consider that this is [3, 6] and [9, 12]


---

0111|1111       

1111|1110

Consider that this is [1, 7] and [8, 14]


=======================

Hmmm, so we need to just keep on going up in that case. 

Again, a 0 here implies a LOSS, because the person who's on its current state LOSES.

a 1 here is a ???

Two children: 

WW => L 
?L => W 

======

Consider the global ordering.

[0001111001111000]. 

0 => 0, 1 => W, immidiately from this. 

This is kind of like a boolean function with an arbitrary "?" flag (the 0). 


00 => 0
0(W,L) => W 
WW => L
L(?) => W


====

How many states are there? 

There's only O(n) boundaries, I think. So let's just like, do it? idk. 

Let's jsut type it.

=====

Wait this doesn't quite work... or does it? 

argh ffs let's think 

Because unlike a trie, you are explicitly getting the layers at [2^x, 2^(x + 1)) every time, and only those layers, no? 

No.... at every layer you get [0, 2^x) Recall that we're getting a suffix of the guys. 

Okay yes, then it's fine to estimate this. Like if "1" is good for the rest of time, then you'll only combine with a bunch of 0's, which is like, fine because you just say, "I win?"

ARGH NOT QUITE I think it needs to be a 4^k table 

0, 1, W, L 


11 => L, because both are "inherent winning states", now you are a formal losing state.
00 => 0, because you are still losing.
10 => 1, because you can hop on a 0 and still lose; it's sort of implied that you have inherent losing. 


00 => 0
0(W,L) => W 
WW => L
L(?) => W

1W => L
1L => 


Ah, the distinction I'm trying to make here is, "Do I have more than 1 guy under my subtree?" If I do, then you can safely congregate them into winning/losing; otherwise, it might be a bit sus, because for example a chain of "10s" might reduce down? 

Specifically, 00=>0 is the invariant that must be retained. I think "1" literally just behaves like a "W" though so we only need 3^2 states. cool.

---

Not sure, need paper. 

----
