# CF2001

Date: 11-14-2024

First time doing CP in quite a while. 

---

<ol type="A">
    <li>
        Trick question
    </li>
    <li>
        Cute question, I actually proved it to myself before submitting based on samples (# of returns = local inversions, so even permutations don't work since there's an odd number of inversions to place, and you can't place them equally)
    </li>
    <li>
        Very nice question, really liked the idea of just building the paths out w/ binary search, cute idea.
    </li>
    <li>
        Annoying question, the solution is pretty bashy and obvious, though fumbled on some details. 
    </li>
    <li>
        Actually easier than the previous question, I just forgot how to type NCR from scratch because I'm rusty as hell. 
    </li>
</ol>

Gave up 20 minutes early. E2 looks like a not fun problem and just cancer, not even standard. 

---

That's the reason why I stopped doing virtuals. You're just solving a bunch of easy problems (relatively speaking), not really growing. And tbh a lot of CF problems (at least the div2 ones) are cringe. But now that ICPC is over, I've also lost motivation to do hard problems on my own too (and all that free time is definitely not being used productively...)

A nice way to get back into the swing of things though. I'm hoping my more active note taking at the very least, forces me to be productive. I feel like I was caught between taking a bunch of transient notes (of which I have accumulated 2-3,000 over the course of this year alone) or trying to write big novels and essays to group everything together and write for a larger audience. 

But writing coherently, just for myself, is such a simple idea that I missed lol. I hope that this can sort out my ideas better with this.

Also not 19 years old skipping every class anymore so can't stay up doing VC's until 3am in the morning 😢