# Initial Thoughts

I'm a bit of an illiterate guy, but this paper was actually, genuinely interesting to read; at least reading the first few proofs, and skimming some of the rest of the paper. It legit felt like reading a collection of hard ad hoc CP proofs lmao. No heavy theorem pulling, no intense yak shaving, no really unnecessary formalization (I'm not planning to go into research so I can be picky with my leisurely paper reading :P). Which is rare, generally because research is supposed to be useful, not fun. So all these niceties together is hard. That makes it all the more worthwhile to save and pontificate about. 

I stumbled this completely on accident while sleuthing through some of my old files. I had this huge 1000 page data structure book; while most concepts were... uninspiring (range data structures... BBSTs... no thank you? I like them in CP because certain problems are **very** clever when using them, not in the general case), I found out about the concept of min-wise independent permutations. Initially I thought it was supposed to be hyperloglog (in which [a simple but clever "meta bait" problem has already been set](https://www.acmicpc.net/problem/20603)), but actually it was something of a similar intuition but different (set intersection approximation). 

## Final Thoughts

It's interesting what different people take away from MinHash; I found [slides talking about MinHash working with the Jaccard Index](https://www-di.inf.puc-rio.br/~casanova/Disciplinas/INF1331/Slides/03.2-03.3-Shingling-MinHash.pdf), and this is how it was brought up in the book too, that MinHash just works with the Jaccard Index, yay (I mean that proof is kind of trivial and very intuitive). It feels like that kind of proof, or some super heavy machinery, are the two most common proof types in academia. It's not really that inspiring. 

Though in CP as well there's plenty of bad apples that I just 🤮 at. [Ad hoc is not immidiately synonymous with good](https://dmoj.ca/contest/dmopc21c5), real data structure problems are not synonymous with bad. So I think the moral of the story is "cool things are rare", and you gotta keep looking (and obviously all of this is subjective yada yada).

I probably want to plow through some of my backlog first, but once I do that, I'll resume reading this paper and perhaps write up my interpretation of some of these proofs. 